{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Patch Notes\

\fs28 PokerV2.8.1  - SameHandStr (MAY).py\

\b0\fs24 \ulnone Situation: no winner yet. Two of the same strength hands (Straight Flush). Need to decipher which is the best one. \
\

\b Problem: 
\b0 There are >5 values(cards) for the \'91StraightFlush\'92 list in SameHandStr_dic, as there is a pair of 4\'92s and the card \'914 D\'92 is included where it shouldn\'92t be. \
\
Cause: In the function StraightFlush(), when the Straight Flush cards are attempted to be added to the SameHandStr_dic, straight_cards were added instead. \
\
Cause^2: (2nd degree cause)(why did I do this^^^): I added the straight_cards list because I couldn\'92t get a list for Flush cards and hence a list for Straight Flush cards at the time. However, a list for Flush cards has been obtained.\
\
Possible solution: Find (matching) cards that appear in both straight_cards and flush_cards lists and add these cards to a straightFlush_cards list. - use \'93set(a).intersection(b)\'94\
\
\

\b Improved Quads()
\b0 \
Quick fix: in Quads(), the line: \'91four_of_a_kind = False\'92 was in the wrong loop (too far indented).\
Also added 5 best cards (for the hand) into SameHandStr_dic. (if Quads = True obvs)\
\

\b Problem:
\b0  Only adding hands if true to SameHandStr_dic results in \'91uneven, random\'92 indices in the dictionary. \
Solution: Add each hand to the dictionary, even if the list is either empty or holds the high 5 cards out of the 7.\
 ^ \

\b Following problem: 
\b0 Can no longer use first index in the decider stage. Use variable \'91best_hand\'92. - each player with lowest best_hand.\
^ RoyalFlush doesn\'92t need a place in the SameHandStr_dic therefore do best_hand - 1.\
\
\

\b Problem: 
\b0 can be >5 cards in straight_cards list.\

\b Solution:
\b0  edit code to create a set for card_numbers(straight_cards) - takes unique card numbers (removes duplicates).\
\
\

\b Weird error all of a sudden (Unbound Local error):
\b0  Added Flush = False into StraightFlush() function.\
\
\

\b \ul TwoPair() function\

\b0 \ulnone Removed the \'91break\'92 if Two_Pair == True as needed to carry on running through to see if there is a higher two pair.\
At the current point in time, it runs through starting from the lowest pair and finding the two pair and ending on the highest pair - so it finds all possible twoPair combinations and finishes on the last one. \

\b Improvement: 
\b0 Could use sorted(\'85, \'92Reverse = True\'92) to just find the first combination and this will therefore be the highest two pair by default - as we started from the highest cards working down. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}